DRAFT 


Members:
Steven Gabriel G. Madali
Rhenzomar M. Facundo
Meinard C. Languita

1. Juan: AI-Powered Custom Voice Assistant for School Management Inquiries System 
>Juan is an Artificial Intelligence voice assistant that is specifically designed to assist users such as 
old and new students about their inquiries within the school. Integrating this kind of functionality 
to the school management system could greatly optimize the communication between the school and the users. In addition, this could help visually impaired students and help them with their inquiries using vocal communication.   

2. Ask Iris: AI-Enhanced Ecommerce for Baking & Pastry with Smart Product Recommendations
>Integrating an AI Chatbot to enchance user experience by giving recommendation of variety of special products, bundles or best seller. This could greatly increase the revenue of the business due to assist of AI and help the user to speed up process by choosing the the right products they need. 

3. SmartApartment: AI-Powered Chatbot for Tenant Support and Personalized Apartment Recommendations
>An advanced apartment system integrated by an AI Chatbot designed to assist user by recommeding the certain
apartments based on their budget allocation and location. This could also help tenants assist their inquiry questions about the apartment details and ensure a smooth efficient experience.   


List of web applications:
1. Advance Real Estate Management System
2. Advance Hospital management system
3. Assets and Maintainance Management system
4. Library management System
5. Bus Booking
6. CLASSIFIED ADS
7. School Management Software
8. Courier Management System
9. CRM (Accounts, HR Inventory)
10.HRM accounting and Payroll
11.Dating website + Admin Panel
12.Event Management and Frontend
13.Fleet Management Software Website
14.Freelance CRM Software
15.Tour And Travel PortalCity and travel guide
16. Php chat room and private chat / 
17. Gym Management and Fitness system Management
18. Doctor online booking and appointment system
19. Hotel Booking & Management System
20. Point Of Sale & Inventory Management System
21. Pharma Billing
22. Learning management system udemy clone
23.E-Banking & Loan Management System
24. Matrimonial Software
25. Multi-school Management
26. Online Auction Management and Front End Website
27. Online Exam Management System
28. POS - Restaurant Management
29. Project Management software (ultimate version)
30. Job Portal /
31. Movie Ticketing software
32. News Portal Software (Pro Version)
33. Multivendor B2B E-commerce website
34. E-commerce B2C Management system
35. Property Management System
36. Sales CRM software
37. Saloon Booking
38. Smart crowdfunding Application and Frontend website
39. Social Store Blog software
40. stackpost
41. Stock Management System
42. Tailor Management Software
43. Tenants and Room Management Software / 
44. The online food order system
45. Lottery Management system
46. Website Builder (Drag and drop) and CMS
47. YouTube Clone
48. Netflix Clone
49.Helpdesk support ticket management system
50. Video game Marketplace
51. Multipurpose Website CMS
52. Clinic management system
53. logistic Management system
54. SMM panel script
55. lawyer case management system